Delegate override and rewrite rule logic to implementor (#280)
Automattic/remote-data-blocks: docs/extending/hooks.md

add_filter( 'remote_data_blocks_request_details', 'custom_request_details', 10, 3 );
```

### remote_data_blocks_query_input_variables

Filter the query input variables prior to query execution. This filter is useful for modifying the input variables for the current page-load, e.g., by pulling in data from query variables or other context. See [Overrides](overrides.md) for more information.

```php
add_filter( 'remote_data_blocks_query_input_variables', function ( array $input_variables, array $enabled_overrides, string $block_name, array $block_context ): array {
	if ( true === in_array( 'my_override', $enabled_overrides, true ) ) {
		$override_value = get_query_var( 'override_id' );

		if ( ! empty( $override_value ) ) {
			$input_variables['id'] = $override_value;
		}
	}

	return $input_variables;
}, 10, 4 );
```

> Note that if your filter modify a query's input variables, it will modify the object cache key for that query execution, possibly resulting in a cache miss.

Reviewer: This had a grammar issue, so I made a fix + some more tweaks. Feel free to just fix the grammar issue though if you want and undo my other suggestions.
```suggestion
Keep in mind modifying query input variables will affect the object cache key for that query execution. This could result in a cache miss.
```

### remote_data_blocks_query_response

Filter the query response just after query execution. This filter is useful for modifying the query response for the current page-load, e.g., by pulling in data from query variables or other context. See [Overrides](overrides.md) for more information.

```php

> add_filter( 'remote_data_blocks_query_input_variables', function ( array $input_variables, array $enabled_overrides, string $block_name, array $block_context ): array {

Reviewer: This code block needs updated for this filter.
